Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.
Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not.
Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealously. The shadow of greed, that is.
Always pass on what you have learned.
You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace. Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
That is why you fail.
Yes, a Jedi’s strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side.
Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight.
If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan’s apprentice.
Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.
If you end your training now if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did you will become an agent of evil.
patience you must hace my young padawan
Ready are you? What know you of ready? For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi.
My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind.
This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away… to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was.
Hmm? What he was doing. Hmph. Adventure. Heh. Excitement. Heh. A Jedi craves not these things. You are reckless.
Feel the force!
Remember, a Jedi’s strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Luke Luke do not do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or suffer your father’s fate you will. Luke, when gone am I the last of the Jedi will you be.
Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is another Sky walker.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.
You must unlearn what you have learned.
In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.
When you look at the dark side, careful you must be. For the dark side looks back.
You will know the good from the bad when you are calm, at peace. Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view.
Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future the past. Old friends long gone.
Truly wonderful the mind of a child is.
The fear of loss is a path to the Dark Side.
A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched.
All his life has he looked away to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm? What he was doing.
Hmph. Adventure. Heh. Excitement. Heh. A Jedi craves not these things.
Do or do not. There is no try.
You will find only what you bring in.
May the Force be with you.
Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not.
For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes.
Even between the land and the ship.
Ohhh. Great warrior.Wars not make one great.
Always two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice.
Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.